
<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

# FUSIONscripts

<!-- badges: start -->
<!-- badges: end -->

The APscripts folder holds the processing scripts for AreaProcessor that
are distributed with FUSION. This repository was created to put all of
my FUSION related scripts (DOS batch files) under version control and to
facilitate sharing.

There is a second set of scripts in the APscriptsADV that has more
advanced scripts for use with AreaProcessor workflows. However, the
advanced scripts are not for the meek. They produce more metrics and
require a bit more work to configure and use. Also in this folder are
some python scripts used with ArcMap (via arcpy) to perform some useful
tasks on the metric rasters.

There is also a set of scripts in the DEMconversion folder used to
convert DEM files into FUSIONâ€™s .dtm format and split large DEMs into
smaller pieces. This folder also contains a basic folder structure that
I use for most lidar data processing projects.

One major caution with both sets of scripts is that the cell size for
metrics cannot be changed by simply changing the cell size in
AreaProcessor. You also have to edit the setup scripts (script run
before tile processing begins) to reflect the desired cell size. Failure
to change the setup scripts is one of the most common issues that cause
AreaProcessor workflow runs to fail. If you simply change the cell size
in AreaProcessor without editing the setup scripts, everything will
appear to run until near the end of the processing when merging of
outputs will fail. There are comments in the setup scripts included in
both sets describing the necessary changes.
